Hello, everyone. Welcome to a new episode of the
Center. I'm your host as always, Ricardo Lopes sent
to the Mgen by Doctor Javier Suarez. He's lecturer
in the Department of Philosophy at the University of
Oviedo in Spain. And today we're going to talk
about his book, uh, which he wrote together with
Elizabeth Lloyd units of selection. So, Doctor Suarez, welcome
to the show. It's a pleasure to everyone.
Thank you, thank you for having me here. It's
my honor to be here actually.
Thank you. So, could you, would you like to
start by giving a sort of an introduction to
the discussion surrounding units or levels of selection in
the context of evolutionary biology and philosophy of biology?
Yes, sure. This is an agitated debate. So the,
the, the current origins are usually set in the
70s, but really the debate starts when Darwin writes
the origin basically. And the key problem here is
that while Darwin postulates the mechanism of natural selection
as the mechanism that produces uh adaptations and the
evolution of life in general. And one of the
key questions is, uh, but what are the types
of entities that natural selection sees? Do they have
to have any kind of cohesiveness or not? And
if so, what type of cohesiveness, how does it
work? So 11 of the questions is empirical is
does it affect two groups, to individuals, to populations?
And there is another which is, which is also
let's say conceptual or theoretical, which is more biological,
which is the meaning of the expression itself unit
of selection whether it applies only to one type
of unit or as many things in philosophy, it's
a plural and it has several meanings. So those
are the two types of questions.
So on the topic of units of selection, what
are the main questions that it raises and that
people debate the most within that topic?
So within that topic, yeah, as I, as I
was saying, is on the one hand, the debate
of whether groups can evolve by natural selection. That's
one of the whole uh debates. So it's very
clear for, for us that I don't know, animals
evolved by, by natural selection, no, so if you
take lions, why do lions have the type of
clones they have or the type of, that's very
clear. The question becomes more convoluted when it goes
to groups. Why do do groups have the traits
they have? Is it a result for natural selection
or it's simply a result of individual selection and
then simply an aggregate that forms the group? And
that's one of the main debates that people have
in this topic. Um, THE other is a, a
debate about uh evolution of the biological hierarchy itself.
So we know that you, we humans and animals
and plants and Are pluricellular or multicellular organisms, we
are made out of several cells. The question is
that originally, whenever, when life started, it was only
single cells and the question is how could natural
selection produce. MULTICELLULARS, and that's another hot topic in
the debate on units of selection.
But what is a unit of selection actually and
how does this question relate to what natural selection
is?
Yes, that's a very good question. So, uh units
of selection is, as the name indicates is the
entity that evolves by natural selection where natural selection
is the mechanism. Now, people have different definitions or
different conceptions of natural selection. Some people think that
every trait evolved by natural selection and we need
to find a so and so story that tell
us how natural selection could have produced this. Others
think that it's simply, uh, natural selection refers to
a type of process that occurs in nature and
that gives rise to many different types of products
and it depends on whether it adds all the
time on the same type of unit or not
or it changes, etc. And that's a correlation depending
how you see natural selection, you will see what
the units are. So you have a wider view,
you will have a wider view of units. If
you have a narrow world view, you will also
have a narrower view on units.
So, uh, do we know if all traits are
the result of natural selection and what does that
mean for a trait to be the result of
natural selection?
Yeah, that's a common, uh, misunderstanding, especially among, uh,
let's say high school students. The, the answer to
the first question is no. Most traits are not
the result of natural selection. So there is a
very famous article from Stephen Jay Gould and Leonin
called The Spandrels of San Marco where they put
the exam, the following example. Let's suppose that you
want to make a cathedral, no, and you want
to make um Um, this big thing on the
top, I can't remember the name right now, um,
Coppola in Spanish, um. Anyway, so in order to
make the columns stable, you need to create certain
holes called spandres that are there because they protect
the surface that it can be built. However, these
traits, these uh structures are there because of a
physical necessity. Well, with natural selection, it happens the
same. There are many traits that are there because
of physical necessity but are not a product of
selection. They are not created by natural selection. What
does it need for a trade to be uh
uh a result of selection? Well, the trade needs
to convert higher fitness to the better. And the
trade needs to persist there precisely because it confers
higher fitness and that's when a trade is, is
a result of selection. So not every trade has
these characteristics.
Mhm. In the book, you talk about two different
approaches to evolution. One is the, or you call
it the adaptationist school and the other, the evolutionary
change school. Tell us about each of them.
Yes, this distinction comes from Charles Goodnight and actually
is um it's a distinction between two views of
natural selection. The adaptationists tend to think that every
trait is, uh, every trait they are interested in
is a result of selection, and they will try
to find a so and so story explaining how
this trade could evolve against the odds. What are
the odds? Well, the many contingent factors that can
affect that the. Trade that confers higher fitness, right,
that's against the odds. CHANGE is cool, uh, people,
um, don't think that every trait is necessary an
adaptation and think that many traits are visible to
natural selection even if they don't get fixed in
the population or even if they don't get engineer,
etc. So they simply focus on the process of
selection itself, that is how among the many contingent
factors that affect organisms. Some of the factor that
offends them are related to the fitness of their
traits, and that's the main distinction.
Uh, COULD you explain what is that you call
in the book the disambiguation project? What is
that? This already goes to the core of the
book. So in the book, we focus on one
of the first question I, I mentioned in the
first answer is the question of the meaning of
the expression units of selection and how different people
use it. What we call the disambiguation project is
a project that tries to understand how different researchers
or different research tradition have used expression units of
selection. The disambiguation project postulates that depression is ambiguous
because it's used to refer to different concepts even
if the expression is the same. And the key
point of the disambiguation project is to do that
is to disambiguate. OK, we know units of selection
is ambiguous. What are the different meanings of depression
kind of and that's the whole core of the
project.
Uh, YOU also talk about the unitary project. What
is the unitary project and how does it differ
from the disambiguation project?
The, the unitary project precisely is the one that
thinks that actually the expression is not ambiguous. Units
of selection refers to just one type of thing,
just one concept. And what it tries to do
is to investigate the necessary conditions for a thing
to be a unit of selection. And the main
difference is that, yeah, they don't think there is
an ambiguity that simply some people use the concept
wrongly.
Mhm. Uh, TELL us about, uh, what you mentioned,
uh, another thing that you mentioned in the book
that is Lewontin's recipe approach to the levels of
selection and how it relates to the disambiguation project.
Yes, uh, Lewontin's, uh, approach to natural selection comes
from a paper that he wrote in 1970, although
he updated his ideas a bit later. And that's
what it's considered the start of the debate as
we on Junior selection as we currently have the
debate. This recipe approach tries to give the ingredients
that are jointly necessary and sufficient for a thing
to be a unit of selection. So it's a
type of unitary project. According to this recipient approach,
a unit is a unit of selection when it
belongs to a population where there are, well, there
are traits that show variation between individuals in the
population, so you need to have different traits for
obvious reason. These traits have different fitnesses, so you
can, you have different variations of the same trait,
but also that they confer different fitness and that
these traits are heritable. That means that if you
have a trait that confers your higher fitness, then
your offspring will also have a higher tendency. To
have this trait and the one this approach, as
I say, it starts the debate and it's the
first unitarian approach. How it relates to this ambiguate
to disambiguation project because actually those three ingredients have
to be separated and they give rise to different
types of units if we analyze each of these
items separately or in certain combinations.
What is your view on debate surrounding the existence
of group selection? Do you think it, uh, it
actually is a thing or not?
Yeah, in line with the disambiguation project, I, I,
I would say that the question is ambiguous, right?
So what do you mean by group selection? And
the, the type of disambiguation project that um this
allo and myself um promote distinguishes at least three
meanings. One means interactor we will talk later about
that I think. The other is manifesto of adaptation
and the other is a reproducer constitutor. Now is
there group selection concerning actors? Probably yes, depending on
the type of group you're looking at. Are is
there group selection confirming manifestos probably as well. There
will be for some cases. Uh, WILL there be
consuming the producers? Probably yes, but you need to
decide the way first. I think there is group
selection clearly, but you need to be clear about
what you mean by the type of unit you're
asking about.
Right, and we're going to talk exactly about that
now, about how the term units of selection might
refer to three different non-coextensional functional concepts. That is,
we have interactor, we have replicators slash reproducer slash
reconstitutor. And also manifester of adaptation slash type one
agent. So how did you arrive at this tripartite
framework and could you explain each of these concepts?
Yes, well, actually, um many years ago in the,
in the 80s when, when Lisa Lloyd wrote her,
her um her first book. Uh, AND a bit
later when she wrote a chapter in unit selection,
she distinguished 4 meanings, not 3, she distinguished 4,
the, the fourth one being the beneficiary, and, and
she arrived there doing an analysis of the, of
the literature of the time and what people were
discussing and, and so on. In my case, uh,
I arrived. Because of reading uh Lloyd's work, of
course, but also because I was working on the,
on hollows, which is hollows are a symbiotic uh
units composed by an animal and its microbiome. Um,
AND basically there I had many problems because some
people were arguing that um hollows were of selections,
other people were thinking they were not. And then
I realized that they were not talking about the
same for a while, but I couldn't explain very
well how and why, because I was seeing clearly
that in many cases there were manifestos, in many
cases they were interactors. Um, YEAH, I arrived through
this line realizing that they didn't mean the same
and then. Through reading uh Lisa Lloyd's work and
talking to her, um, we kind of put some
order in this, in this, um, in this kind
of conceptual mess, so to speak, and I, the
meaning of each of these concepts is the following.
So the interactor is the entity that is directly
visible to natural selection now. That is the entity
that bears the trait. And in virtue of bearing
the re causes reproduction or replication to be differential
at each level or at a different level. Humans
are interactors for probably their eye colors. Why? Because,
well, depending on the eye colors, we will reproduce
more or less, yes. Uh, AND it can be
at the same or at a lower level. So
in many cases, you are an interactor for your
genes, so to speak, for example. What is the
manifesto? Well, the manifesto, it's the manifesto of adaptation
is more complicated because it requires to have interactor
at one level repeatedly. Why? Because the manifesto is
the result of a tinkering or engineering process. To
put a typical textbook example, no. So how do
uh giraffes got their long necks? Well, the long
necks is not something that one giraffe one day
appears with a longer neck or whatever, no. Well,
for that you need an engineering process. So you
need the natural selection adds on a specific bones
on a specific muscles and a specific structures of
the neck, generation after generation. And then the neck
becomes an attention and the giraffe becomes a manifesto
of that attention because it's the entity where this
tinkering process has occurred. That's the difference with the
interactor because the interrupor can just last one generation,
can be very ephemeral or it cannot, and then
it becomes an infesor or not. What is the
reproducer? Well, that's a question of the genetic models
because the issue is that you need to count
units to know that selection has occurred, you need
to count units somehow. What do we normally count?
We normally count genes, those are called replicators because
of the mechanisms of copy, which are almost perfect.
Compared to others, sometimes you simply produce oxygen through
reproduction like it happens with humans or giraffes. To
continue with the example, those are called reproducers and
then the third term is reconstitutor that it's a
bit more convoluted because the reconstitutor actually accounts for
the. A strange reproduction process that occur in groups.
So in some cases of groups, what happens is
that every generation there is like a rearrangement or
a new assortment. And that's what we mean by
constituted, but that's basically what you need to count
to realize that natural selection has been occurring, and
that's why you need those three meanings because you
need to distinguish there are 3 different things going
on there.
So still on the topic of these 3 different
things, 3 different concepts. What kinds of research questions
does each of these types of unit capture? What
contexts are they asked in, and what type of
evidence do we need for each of them?
Yeah, that's also a good question. So then what
we try to do in the book actually is
disambiguate and make this even more clear than it
was before. So. The actor basically asked the following
question. What is the entity that is interacting as
a cohesive whole with the environment such that the
production is differential. And this being differential in virtue
of the traits that being differential is important. So
what entity bears the traits that causes that reproduction
is differential to how it would occur if it
didn't have this specific variation of the trade. That's
the key question for the interactor for the manifesto
is what is the entity whose traits have been
tinkering of engineering at the level and that, that,
that's a, a difficult question because sometimes we have
when we first approach a system and the system
I mean a biological system, one might have the
impression that the tinkering process has occurred at one
level. But when one investigates this into. You can
discover that actually natural selection is occurring at a
different level, maybe at a lower level and what
we uh when you see at the upper level
is not a tinkering process, it's simply a result
of selection having occurred at lower levels. So the
manifesto looks for the entity that whose, whose strikes
are tinkered or engineered or accumulating, let's say a
patients over time. And finally, the replicator reproducer constitutor
applies to the entity that carries the heritability, which
is essential. So it's an essential ingredient to count
for interactors and an essential ingredient to track for
manifestos, which is what are the units that guarantee
the trade trade similarity across generations. And uh where
they are used, well, um, the, the, you have
many different methods, some of them similar, some of
them not in many cases you need to build
models. So for the interactor, you would usually have
to build group selection models or MLS multi-level selection
models. For the manifesto, it's, it's common to build
kin selection models which um they are a type
of group selection model that appeals to the family
relationship between the members of the group. Um, AND
in all cases, and that's very, very, very important,
you need experimental data because you cannot just build
a model. You need to go to the field,
you need to accumulate data, you need to show
the variation in the trade, you need to show
the patterns of reappearance of the trade, and that
requires simply going to the field. Gathering data, um,
yeah, and you would need different, different evidence um
because you need to accommodate all these things together
and use the models differently for each unit.
Right. Uh, I mean, you've already talked about the
differences between the three different kinds of concepts, but
why is it necessary to distinguish between interactor and
replicator?
Yeah, that case is important because um there is
this general confusion because in the general recipe by
Le one team and, and in evolution in general,
you tend to think that you need, and obviously
you need reproduction because otherwise you can simply not
track things that are going on and reproduction is
one of the basis of life, right? Many definition
of life appeal to reproduction as the differential thing
that life has as opposed to inorganic, um, inorganic
nature. Now, why it's important to distinguish the interactor
to the replicator? Well, because in many processes of
natural selection. The real cause that is the trait
that the environment is seeing and fitness is causing
the differential replication, it's at a different level, normally
higher than the things that are copy making copying
of the cells. And of course if we take
a long evolutionary time, we only see the replicators
or the reproducer, we see the genes or we
see the giraffes, but we are lacking the, the
ephemeral units that are causing that. And that's what
you need to distinguish those because even if the
two might overlap sometimes, normally, what is the cause
of select what is being seen by the environment
in the required way for a transition to occur,
it's at a different level from this that is
being copied and that we can track over time.
Would this reframe the way we approach debates surrounding
kin selection versus group selection?
Well, in a sense, it, it, uh, references debates
for the following. People, um, uh, normally researchers in
the kin selection tradition, what they will do is,
they will tend to merge the three questions into
one. Uh, ESPECIALLY conflating manifestos and interactors all the
time, mm, and also because they require manifestos, they
normally require as well replicators, right? Uh, WHEREAS people
working on group selection with normal on many occasions
just be interested in the process of selection itself,
so you are looking for interactors and even if
the two, and that has been argued several times,
some people oppose this, but many people think that
group selection and kin selection are mathematically equivalent. For
a specific models, of course, uh, not in general
for specific models you can prove a mathematical equivalent.
That might be so, but the kind of things
you are looking for is different. The kind of
questions you are tracking is different and they will
only be. EQUIVALENT a posteriority never a priority. Posteriority,
you can make the mathematical changes to make them
equivalent, but the causal process that they are. That
they are um let's say investigating and they are
looking for is different and that's why it's important.
Mhm. Uh, AND what do we gain then by
distinguishing interrector from manifester or type one agent?
Yeah, that's very important. We here we avoid a
strong confusion, which is the confusion between the process
of natural selection at a and a very specific
product which is the one that surprised Darwin for
historical reasons. For historical reasons in the 19th century.
Uh, PEOPLE were obsessed to demonstrate that God had
created the world in such a way that organisms
were perfectly adopted and then I don't know, this
animal has this specific structure to do X and
that's what. What Darwin does is naturalizes this. He
basically says, look, that's not true. If you give
history enough time and you take into account this.
Then this tinker trade that you see so sophisticated
because they are actually are simply results of history.
Now, natural selection is a process that sometimes gives
rise to this thinker process, and that's what we
call manifestos adaptations when it's only for one trait
and type one agents we need for every trait.
So in humans, for example, all traits have to
more or less coherently evolve, otherwise the species get
extinguished as we know. So that's a type of
agent. Now, the interactor doesn't track this, it tracks
natural selection acting now. And acting now might be
different from the results it is in the future
because there are many other contingent facts. And that's
very important because many models or um. There are
many arguments in the genetic literature saying like, oh,
this model doesn't work because if you apply this
to 3000 generations, the model collapses, of course, but
in tracking interactors. So why do I need to
look at 3000 generations or, you know, and that's
important because that's a legitimate question. We need to
know what's happening. Now, um, and yeah, and it's
important to to legitimize a field that it's clearly
legitimate.
In the book you also talk about a framework
that you call evolutionary transitions in individuality. What is
that?
Yeah, uh, I mentioned this at the beginning as
one of the debates in units. So transitions in
individuality is a framework that studies how um groups
evolved from individuals, to put it basically. It starts
from the beginning. So one of the key questions
is how DNA gave gave gave rise to the
first cells, how those cells gave rise to multicellular
organisms, how multicellar gave rise to groups, and so
on and so forth. But the most important question
there is how. Groups evolve and how reproduction can
be transferred from one level to the other. The
oceanic transitions in individuality framework is simply the framework
that ask these types of questions. The questions about
how much of reproduction evolve and how singular reproducing
entities become collectives that reproduce as a whole.
And how does the disambiguation project apply to debates
concerning this frameworks?
Yes, in this EI framework, uh, was the transition
in the, the framework, most people have been from
the adaptation school, so it's very famous that miners
meet and Samari in 1995 in the first book
on the topic called the Mayor Transitions Individuality. They
claim whatever process give rise to this version at
the higher level, it needs to be for the
good of the replicators and that's something extremely surprising
because actually if you come from change the school,
you want to see the naturalization process as a
process. And well, how does the hacker level evolve?
Well, probably because there was natural selection acting on
the group's originally as interactors, and those interactors due
to probably many contingent reasons and that's very important
evolution is contingent in many aspects. It's not direct.
It doesn't have a tail loss or anything similar.
Because of natural selection acting on those um groups
on those interactors or the manifestos of all and
the replication could be transferred to the higher level.
That's why distinguishing those three minutes is important because
sometimes you read papers like, oh this surprising process
could happen if we take into account, if we
take into account what, what these things are interactors.
What other thing could they be? So.
Yeah. Yeah. So I have one last question then,
and I will start with a quote from your
book here. Um, QUOTE, more recently, several authors have
called attention to specific processes in which certain phenotypic
traits seem to reappear consistently across generations without replication
or reproducing processes at that specific level. Uh, COULD
you give us examples of this and do we
also need a reconstitutor then?
Yeah, that's, that's a question that actually refers to
my previous work to the book and, and that's
one of the, the reasons why I started collaborating
with Lisa Lloyd and, and that's a very good
question. So, so before I, I started working on,
let's say units only units in a sense, I
was working on hollow s as I said, no,
hollow ions are an animal or plant host plus
it's microbiome. And then the debate was whether they
were units of selection and how. In my research,
um, that was during my PhD, I discovered, well,
it was something, there was something very clear, I'm
sorry, that the hollow ion doesn't reproduce as a
single hole. That's something extremely clear. So the microbi
goes on its own. There are many different species
of bacteria they reproduce on their own. The horse
reproduces on its own, and then because of this,
one would say, well, they cannot be manifestos oration.
Recall the definition I said they may be interactors.
But if you don't have iteration of the process
at the same level, then you won't get the
money first. Now, what I discovered is that there
are some cases in which this is not true.
The specific case I, I investigated was the vampire
bat, the evolution of Shaiv in vampire bats. Um,
WHICH is basically the, the fact that bats are
the only animals that can have a strict blood-sucking
diet, and that's something extremely surprising. Uh, AND bloods
having a blood sucking diet is a strong challenge,
uh, physiologically for many reasons related to bladder, kidney
failure, but there are many, many problems with pathogens
that can in blood but wouldn't can you also
with flesh and so on and so forth. There
is a big question there, so how did those
creatures evolve. So the first way of replying to
this question that any bio would do is let's
try tore off the genome and see what kind
of factors they have to cope with this diet.
And then you have surprise. So many of the
attention that the bats needs to have to have
some give that the strict and give diet are
not there. But you have done that. That's, that's
very surprising because you have a strong empirical evidence.
And then when you try to mitigate why and
you go to the source that explains always this
empirical evidence, you get uh an inconsistency. Well, what
is discovered there is that there is positive selection
for the specific traits coping with someivry in the
microbi, you know, the vampi bats. And there it
came my hypothesis. My hypothesis, well, bumper bats are
actually manifestos despite not having reproduction at the focal
level because bats reproduce on the one side, the
micro ion on the other. And then I created
myself a puzzle because as I said, to have
manifesto, you would need inheritance. How could inheritance work
in this case? So what I did for that
um I, I was working with two colleagues, uh,
Sophie Beck and Adrian Stencil from the University of
Vienna and the University Jagaonian in Krakow, respectively, and
then we came out with the following hypothesis. So
let's suppose that or let's start from the beginning.
Inheritance is a functional relationship. So we talk about
inheritance because there is a certain correlation between traits
over generations. Now what mechanism can guarantee that this
correlation was how it should be and then is
when we invented the mechanism of the constitution, where
we invented we didn't invent it. We gave a
name to a mechanism that would explain what we
think is happening in Bamba. What happens there is
that simply there is um every generation, there is
a specific assortment of an and a certain selection
of partners between the bat and the bacteria, but
not only that, once the bacteria composes the microbi
of the bat, the selection continues. Now, if you
have this and press the play evolution over millions
of generations, what happens is that you will have
tinkering, tinkering both in the way of looking for
your partner but also in the way of making
your partner change. And that's when we introduced the
concept of the reconstitute. And as I said at
the beginning, 4 units of selection you need. Uh,
WELL, you have interactors, manifestos, and then reproducer replicators,
but some interactors in the case of the hollow
ion that are also manifestos in some specific cases.
The question is how do they reproduce, they are,
they clearly don't satisfy the requirement of replication. But
they also don't satisfy the requirement of rep reproduction
or reproducer as this had been defined previously by
authors such as um Peter Godfrey Smith or or
James Christmer. So then we came the concept of
reconstitution, which is a process in which you don't
have material overlap over generations, but you have a
specific type of assortment due to the active action
of the elements. So basically that's why it would
be, it would be. I always just explain in
the given image, so take a magnet. So it's
like a magnet that creates this kind of attraction,
and once the item pieces go there, it sorb
them in the right way. I hope I I
have explained this clearly. It's a it's a complicated
idea.
Yes. Uh, SO, uh, Javier, I'm going to leave
a link to your book, which is again units
of selection published by Cambridge University Press in the
description of the interview. Apart from the book, are
there any places on the internet where people can
find your work?
Yes, I have, uh, um, in my, of course,
my, my university profile and uh if you check,
um, Javier Suarez, University of Oviedo, Javier Suarez philosophy,
University of Oviedo, because my name is uncommon in
the English speaking world, but it's extremely common in
Spain, so we, I'm not the only one in
the University of Oviedo, but just the only philosopher.
And then I also have a website that you,
you put hybrid started philosophy on, on Google. It's,
it's relatively easy to find and there I more
or less have links to my research or what
I'm currently working on, what I've been working on
in the past, also my publications, and of course
Google Scholar is a usual good source to, to
find any, any kind of work.
Yeah, great. I will include links to that as
well in the description of the interview. And thank
you so much for taking the time to come
on the show. It's been a pleasure to talk
with you.
Thank you for having me. It's my pleasure actually.
I'm looking forward to seeing the interview online.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Nights Learning and
Development done differently, check their website at Nights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters
Pergo Larsson, Jerry Mullerns, Fredrik Sundo, Bernard Seyches Olaf,
Alexandam Castle, Matthew Whitting Barna Wolf, Tim Hollis, Erika
Lenny, John Connors, Philip Fors Connolly. Then the Matter
Robert Windegaruyasi Zu Mark Neevs called Holbrookfield governor Michael
Stormir, Samuel Andre, Francis Forti Agnsergoro and Hal Herzognun
Macha Joan Labrant John Jasent and Samuel Corriere, Heinz,
Mark Smith, Jore, Tom Hummel, Sardus France David Sloan
Wilson, asilla dearauujurumen ro Diego Londono Correa. Yannick Punterrumani
Charlotte blinikolbar Adamhn Pavlostaevsky nale back medicine, Gary Galman
Samovallidrianei Poltonin John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward Hall Edin
Bronner, Douglas Fre Francoortolotti Gabrieloncortezus Slelitsky, Scott Zachary Fitim
Duffyani Smith Jen Wieman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul
Georgianneau, Luke Lovai Giorgio Theophanous, Chris Williamson, Peter Vozin,
David Williams, Diocosta, Anton Eriksson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw,
Marie Martinez, Corale Chevalier, bungalow atheists, Larry D. Lee
Junior, old Erringbo. Sterry Michael Bailey, then Sperber, Robert
Gray Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zu, Barnabas radix, Mark
Campbell, Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Tor, Kimberly Johnson,
Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendon, Nicholas Carlsson, Ismael
Bensleyman. George Eoriatis, Valentin Steinman, Perkrolis, Kate van Goller,
Alexander Aubert, Liam Dunaway, BR Masoud Ali Mohammadi, Perpendicular
John Nertner, Ursulauddinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsoff Sean Nelson,
Mike Levine, and Jos Net. A special thanks to
my producers. These are Webb, Jim, Frank Lucas Steffinik,
Tom Venneden, Bernard Curtis Dixon, Benedict Muller, Thomas Trumbull,
Catherine and Patrick Tobin, Gian Carlo Montenegroal Ni Cortiz
and Nick Golden, and to my executive producers Matthew
Levender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanivets, and Rosie. Thank you
for all.